[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Well, welcome, everyone,
and especially everyone online
to what's going to be a very
special, extremely fascinating,
and deeply informative
experience here at Conscious
Life Expo on the cutting-edge
topic of Ascension NOW!
And you are very fortunate
to have gotten yourself
into the room right
now, or online,
because this will be some very
evolutionary and revolutionary
information that can be
very valuable to you.
And we all know there's a major
shift happening on the planet.
That's pretty obvious.
And that's one reason why we're
here converging at the expo
to find out what's going on.
And this presentation
is about that.
And we've seen this shift
continue to escalate
more and more each time.
Looking at it from the
perspective of just looking
in the news, it's
hard to see this
as a positive transformation,
because there's
all kinds of stuff happening.
We can see the major
corruption happening.
We see the dysfunction
in the world.
We see the duality
really clearly.
Even yesterday on
the news, it was
broadcast R Kelly being
arrested for sexual abuse,
and even the Cardinals
in the Catholic religions
are now admitting that
documents have been destroyed
that documented sexual abuse.
So all this transparency is
coming up to the surface.
So, to me, these are high-sign
times of this transformation
happening.
Because just like when
our body goes into--
we need to heal from
something in our body,
and we go through
a healing crisis.
What happens, we get
sick a little bit first.
Because the toxins are
coming up to the surface.
So they can be eliminated.
And then, you build a whole new
healthy foundation of health
that you're trying to build.
And that's what's going
on with the planet.
So this planetary evolution
is very similar to what's
going on in the inside here.
We know of the spiritual
principle-- as above so below.
So what's going on on a
planetary global level
is all connected to what's
going on an inner level.
So I say there's a
great opportunity here
for accelerated spiritual
transformation that's
happening on the planet now.
And it's happening
at all levels.
I know, for me, this
is one of the things
that I'm extremely
excited about.
And I've had a lot of
perceptible experience
about this.
And I would assume some
of you in this room
and online also have this inner
knowing of this accelerated
spiritual transformation
happening now
in your life and perceptible
experience about that.
And the point is, OK,
so what's going on?
What is this process?
And so we're defining this
accelerated spiritual process.
It's been going on
for a long time,
but it seems like,
even since 2012,
there's been an escalation
of the shit coming up
to the surface and
transformation in your life,
major transformation
in your life.
And so that's what we're
going to be addressing here.
And for me, I
think it's amazing.
And maybe, like
me, you also feel
maybe it's why you came
to the planet right now,
for this accelerated spiritual
transformation that's
happening globally,
galactically,
and within our being.
I call it "showtime," where
everything's happening.
And we came here for
this spiritual evolution
that we're about to experience
and we're experiencing now.
So ascension has become a meme
for this spiritual quickening.
And this is a
transfiguration we're
talking about at all levels.
It's a graduation of
the planetary system
and of ourselves to the next
level of functioning and being.
And this is what I'm personally
dedicated to, and what I love,
and what I'm pursuing.
My name is Debra
Giusti, and I'm hosting
this panel of amazing guides
who are here to teach you.
Some of the
additional evolutions
that things are changing
is, things are positively
happening.
As we know, women now,
with the MeToo movement,
are coming into their
power, coming into--
allowing the feminine
principle to be
part of our whole
structure again,
to bring it into balance.
As we know, we have five women
running for president now,
which is amazing,
including Marianne
Williamson, our beloved
spiritual teacher
and political activist.
And as you see here, we
have five incredible women
and one amazing
man on the panel.
[LAUGHTER, APPLAUSE]
So this is also a demonstration
of the feminine coming
into power.
And it's not only women, it's
the feminine principle, which
brings in the higher
levels of nurturing,
and intuition, and all
those other functioning
that we're evolving into.
So, for me, it's
definitely a very personal
spiritual process, like I said,
really escalated after 2012.
And these are some of the
things that I'm experiencing
that we'll be talking about.
What I'm experiencing is this
is an embodied experience.
This is not like ascending
and leaving the planet,
dying, going somewhere
else and sending.
That's a different level.
It's an embodied experience that
you're having of shifting up
to the higher levels.
I now meditate every
day, non-negotiable,
and this came to me at 2012.
It's so important to tune
into spirit and allow
that to sync up every day,
like brushing your teeth.
I get downloads all
the time, whether it's
energetic frequencies,
whether it's messages,
whether it's just intuition.
This is a part of
the new functioning
that's happening now.
Synchronicity is a piece
of what's happening now,
where things will
show up and they're
just perfect for what
you're manifesting.
Now it may always
have been there,
but my awareness is heightened
now that I can tune into that
and really use that
for my functioning.
Healing-- core healing--
I'm talking about core
dysfunctional healing
is really important.
And I've been called
to do that in my life.
And if I don't heal it,
it comes up really strong
as another huge
message in my reality.
Raising my frequency is
another very important thing.
And this means at all levels.
I'm very committed to my diet--
so I'm eating the right
things for my body--
to my movement, and
breath, to my thoughts,
my positive thoughts,
everything that
keeps your frequency
at a high level.
Major life transitions,
you gotta be
willing to go with the change--
things that are lower and
not functional in my life,
including people, businesses,
anything, are going away.
And the new higher
functions are coming in.
Connection with higher self.
There is new levels of my
being, including higher self,
the merkaba, other
parts of my being,
that I'm becoming--
have a relationship with
and living from the heart
and the higher self instead
of just the mind and the body.
And personal relationship
with spiritual guides--
I've been called to have
very personal relationships
with some of the
ascended masters
and have them support
me and work with me.
This is all part of what
can happen at the new levels
that we're moving towards.
And understanding
multi-dimensional realities--
the concept of operating
at fifth dimensional level
or even higher dimensions
is all part of it.
And divine mission--
really being
on what you came here to
do, no messing around,
really being following
that inner voice that says,
you know, you're
supposed to do this,
whether it's raising
children, or creating
a new business that's going
to revolutionize the world.
It's following your
divine mission.
And connecting with
soul tribe, which
is what we do here at
the Conscious Life Expo,
with likeminded people who
have the similar mission, who
can all connect and
really understand
this spiritual escalation
that's happening now.
And I'm assuming all
this may be true for you
and various levels of it.
And that's what we're
here to talk about.
And I have an amazing
panel who have all
had personal experience, and
they're all guides and teachers
in their own level of this
spiritual escalation happening
now.
So let's begin.
And we're going to start with--
I would like the
panelists to share
their personal
interpretation of ascension
and their personal experience.
Because it's like the six
men and the elephant--
six blind men and the elephant.
It's this big conversation
of experience.
And we all have our
own experience of it.
So I'd like to ask them--
and keep its succinct--
no more than four minutes--
what your experience of
this accelerated process
is personally and
how you define it.
And I'm first going to
acknowledge Tracey Ash.
She is an ascension teacher.
And she goes all over the
world to sacred sites,
and brings people there, and
uses the energetic activation
of the sacred sites to bring
forth the ascension energies
and consciousness.
Amazing teacher,
amazing light being.
And Tracey Ash, would you
like to share with us?
>> Thank you so much.
It's gorgeous to be here
and be in your presence.
Ascension, for me, is
everything at this time
that needs to happen for
the planet, our planet.
So ascension, opening
the star gates,
the contact, the
legitimate contact
that comes with real and
genuine sacred processes,
real and genuine
ascension processes--
so legitimate
ascension experiences,
legitimate sacred destiny,
activation, and awakening--
and then taking us
through the corridors,
the gateways of initiation--
high-frequency gateways,
transdimensional gateways
that are massively grounded
and embodied in our reality,
and in our being,
and in our biology
so that it changes who we are
at every, every level of being.
I'm an experiencer.
I fuse ascension and
contact combined.
My experiences with contact,
UFO fleets, extraterrestrials
has been documented by CSETI.
So in terms of the way that I
bridge ascension with research,
that's what I do.
I am also a teacher-trainer.
I train people to step
into ultimate possibilities
of sacred destiny.
And that means living the
reality, not just 3D dimension,
or talking about it,
and referencing it.
So I gather the tribe who
is on the same page in terms
of saving the planet,
saving humanity.
And I return individuals
to their sovereignty,
to their sacred destiny,
and to the memories of that.
I'm capable of traveling
with you on your timelines
and reading your original
sacred contracts.
That is fascinating
stuff when it
comes to this overhaul of
consciousness and frequency,
where we must look to the
wound, the false matrix
programming, the density
of the filter that distorts
our sovereignty
here on the planet
and the density of the
filter that distorts us truly
manifesting this dream of
sacred and sovereign earth
and humanity.
So in terms of the
contact that I have,
the channelings that have come
from the extraterrestrials that
are aiding the work
that I do, I mean,
I mobilize large groups, large
gatherings with my husband.
He has zen awakening
festival in Florida,
and we're just about to do
avatars of the Earth gathering
at Shasta.
I mean, this is about contacts.
It's about the stargates.
It's about the earth grid.
It's about working
with kindred souls, who
are going to flick your
switch in terms of ascension.
>> Great.
Thank you, Tracey.
[APPLAUSE]
>> And Meg Benedicte is one
of the top ascension teachers
nationally.
She had an experience of a
Kundalini awakening in LA
during the Northridge
earthquake,
where Metatron
came to her and has
been a primary guide
for downloading all
the technologies for ascension.
She's my personal
ascension teacher.
And I'd love to know your
perspective on ascension,
whatever you'd like to share.
>> Thank you, Debra.
Yeah, so ascension--
this awakening process
can happen very gradually
over months and years.
But then, for some of us, it can
just be in a matter of seconds.
And so that's what it was
for me during the Northridge
earthquake.
It, in a sense, blew
open all the circuits.
And I had my angelic soul be
able to come into the body,
walk in, and see through
a whole new perspective,
be able to kind of determine and
see where we are locked down,
where the time barriers
and the density
was creating in a sense,
like a mental amnesia.
And so when this
unlocks, then everything
starts to become very
clear and immediately
had the channel to my higher
self to get the steps,
get the guidance.
How do I, in a sense, get free
of this prison of my density
and the three-dimensional time
matrix consciousness that's
running in all of us,
creating fear, and duality,
and separation?
So as this all began
to unravel and unlock,
it allowed me to be able to
go through this process we're
doing, which is called
"soul embodiment."
And we have to actually raise
our frequency to do this.
You think about
it, you're trying
to get your soul
like into a rock.
That's how dense we are.
So as we increase our frequency,
it helps our awakening.
When you go higher
and higher frequency,
it begins to dissolve that time
barrier and the amnesia that's
been running in
us for centuries.
So this is--
I call it an ascension
of frequency.
It's also an ascension
of your chakra pillar,
as you start to clear the trauma
and the density out of each
of your chakras,
you begin to access
more and more higher
dimensional reality
that we were locked from.
So it's very much of
a freeing experience
and a liberating experience.
And it opens you to, in a
sense, universal knowledge
and understanding.
And you start to bring the soul
presence into your biology.
This is a game-changer.
This starts to change your DNA.
It starts to awaken the
dormant multidimensional DNA.
It starts to open up your
energy body or merkaba torus,
so that you can actually
travel through time and space
and be able to access other
universes and dimensions.
So it's exponentially
an ascension process
into really living
your full potential,
being all that you are, where we
came from such a limited state
to being divine.
I truly believe we are
becoming divine humans,
so this is an
extraordinary time to be
on the planet to be able to
experience this right now.
>> Thank you.
>> Thank you, Meg.
How clear.
Beautiful.
[APPLAUSE]
And Lori Spagna is another
amazing ascension teacher.
She's a best-selling
author and visionary.
She provides activations online.
And she's been on the
panels almost every year.
And I really appreciate
her perspective as well.
So Lori, share with
us what you can.
>> Well, thanks, Debra.
Thank you, everyone
for being here.
I'm super excited
about our panel today.
So, again, my name
is Lori Spagna.
And for more than
20 years, I've been
assisting humans and animals
to come into alignment
with divine source and to embody
divine source consciousness
through this process of
awakening, attunement,
and alignments, and just to
answer the question directly.
Part of my journey was
that almost 15 years ago, I
was living in Maui and I had
what you call an induction
experience, or at least
that's what I call it,
where my home star family
had a reunion with me,
and I was brought onto
a ship experience,
a first-contact
type of experience.
And I was activated--
and all kinds
of what I would call downloads,
rewiring of my consciousness.
It took me many years to
start to really understand
and integrate what that
was and what that was for.
And, ultimately, I
became very clear
that it was about this
ascension timeline
that we're now all
living in that's
designed to help us to wake
up out of what we've called
a third dimensional
consciousness, where we've been
in separation, where we've
believed ourselves to be
separate from one another,
and from source, and from all
that is.
And this evolutionary
process that's
going on that we call ascension,
for all of humanity, which
is now well underway and,
at the same time in its very
early infant stages--
is requiring us to all uplevel.
So this is what I do.
Through that integration,
I came to start
to realize that
that was how I was
going to serve and contribute.
And also, a huge
part of what I do
is working with animals
and the animal kingdom
and their consciousness.
Because they, of course, are
here to assist us as well.
And actually, they're
consciousness is quite evolved.
And as we come into
learning from them--
that's what I had to
learn, to learn from them--
that they're here
with a divine mission
to assist us in our
awakening process as well.
So I just want to briefly
say that the way that I
do it is to help people
and their animals
identify those aspects
of our unconscious--
the programs, the implants--
maybe negative alien implants--
we can use that word "negative"
because they're
nonbeneficial to us--
the belief systems,
et cetera, that we're
unconscious of, that keep
us stuck, and hooked into,
and anchored into this old
third-dimensional paradigm that
is now, we can see, collapsing.
That's one of the
first things we do.
And then we also-- as we
identify them, we remove them
and resolve them, provide
the gifts of consciousness.
That's an integration,
downloads,
activation process
that up levels
us into higher frequencies
of consciousness.
And then the next
thing we also do
is anchor into this new
fifth-dimensional reality,
which is based in energies and
frequencies of peace; and joy;
and love; and consciousness;
and unity; connection to source,
and one another,
and all that is.
And through that process
for humans and animals,
that's how I am
assisting humanity
in this evolutionary experience
that we're undergoing together.
One other piece I want to
say that the overall why--
and I believe that all of
us have this sacred mission
and purpose--
is to eliminate and eradicate
all forms and experiences
of suffering and separation
as well as all forms
and experiences associated with
pain that we no longer need
to recreate or re-experience
because we're done
and complete with it.
And then the restoration
of alignment and attunement
with this divine source--
and this intimate relationship
with our union and reunion
with sacred connection
with that source,
however we understand
and embody it.
So to me, this is the big
why, why we're all here
on planet Earth at this
time, and we're all
finding our own unique path
and journey within that.
So I hope that helps.
Thank you.
>> Beautiful.
Thank you so much.
[APPLAUSE]
And Maureen St Germain is also
an amazing ascension teacher.
She specializes in
really guiding people
to understand how to
live in 3D reality.
She's an author and speaker.
She's an Akashic Records
Guides founder and someone
I also follow and appreciate.
So, Maureen, tell
us your perspective.
>> Thank you.
I like to think that we're
all becoming ascended masters.
And so the 3D is the
person we think we are.
And the ascended master,
5D, is who we are becoming.
And we are all becoming this
evolved version of ourself.
And at the same time, we
have this evolved version
of ourself already living
in the fifth dimension.
And what we're doing is unifying
ourselves with ourselves.
So this is why my guides
and angels have taught me
that we are remembering who we
are instead of trying to be.
And when you decide to
remember who you are,
you give yourself permission
to be something that you
didn't know you could be.
And that's very powerful.
One of the things that I
have observed in the work
that I've done over
the years is to see
a person go through, what I
call, a dimensional shift.
And they are holding themselves
in one thought, in one idea,
and they believe they're limited
because of this situation
or circumstance.
And then they're told,
either by me personally
or in the records, this
is just a construct
you've constructed for yourself.
You can shift into
this other expression.
And they kind of
wrestle with it.
They don't agree.
And then they finally do.
And many of you have
seen this, where
the room shifts and changes.
And it's almost like you're
watching an earthquake, even
though there's no
evidence of an earthquake,
except for what
you're observing.
So if you've seen
that happen, you're
actually seeing a
dimensional shift.
And what that does is allows the
person to literally jump tracks
from the timeline that they
were on to the timeline that's
closer to their
most evolved self.
And I believe every one of
us has at least five ways
to go on every
decision to above grade
to below grade and one ideal.
So most everyone in
the room is already
on that higher level of track.
But what is it
that will help you
become your most evolved self?
Well, I say ask for a
day of heaven on Earth
and decide to wake up in 5D.
>> Beautiful, thank you.
[APPLAUSE]
And Alexa Pearson is
a direct experiencer
and has a lot of remembering of
her off-planet family, her star
family, and her
experiences there.
And she gets direct
transmissions, communications,
and information that she's
meant to come here and share
to facilitate our
ascension process.
So Alexa, can you share?
>> I'd love to.
Hello, everyone.
I'm so excited to
be here with you.
And I as I gaze out into the
audience and I look at you,
I do not see the avatar
that you meticulously chose
prior to your incarnation.
Because I know for
a fact that you did.
What I see is the divine
fire, the beautiful fractal
of source, creator, energy
that lies within you.
And that is ascension
that already
exists within you
that you will slide
into when you do the work.
I did come into this planet
with full cosmic consciousness.
I remember my family.
Thank you.
I remember all the beings I
am, and I exist simultaneously
in that space in
other realities.
I remember my
missions, my travels.
I have relationships,
the feelings
that are associated
with all of that.
And people ask me, well
when did all that start?
I didn't have a choice.
And they trained me in science.
And that's where I come from.
That part of the puzzle,
for me, is scientific.
Yes, I've had these experiences
with off-planet beings,
but that's not my
frame of reference.
That's not the
exciting part to me.
It's the science of ascension
and how you get there.
You can have a long arc
and that's your choice,
or you can have a direct
slingshot into that space.
There is no judgment on either.
And the science starts
with you, with your cells.
You are part of
a system, you are
part of a human system that
is beholden to the Earth, that
is also a second system, that's
beholden to the planets, which
is to the sun, which
is to the galaxy,
and so on and so
forth to the godhead.
And that godhead is
living within you.
That is what I see flaming and
burning when I look out at you.
So that's the
micro to the macro.
Let's reverse it.
Let's go back to you.
All of those systems are equal.
It's scaled up,
but it's all equal.
You're all the same.
You're the same as that planet.
You're the same as the
central source sun.
And you are the
godhead of yourselves.
Have you ever tried
talking to yourselves?
Honoring them?
That's where ascension starts.
Consciousness moves through
your brain into your body.
And DNA will broadcast it out.
That is the avatar.
That creates the avatar that
you chose, again, back to cells,
and it's going to hit the veil.
Every one of those
cells is going
to hit the veil of amnesia.
It's up to you to
step into that space
where you dissolve
that memory loss.
And you can activate that.
And there's many, many
different ways to activate that.
All five of us have different
opinions on how to do it.
And it's beautiful.
So don't believe me or not-- you
don't have to believe anything
I say about the aliens, but
let's look at the science
because it's totally up to you.
You can choose to step into
that hologram of divine light.
It's up to you.
And your story is required.
I just hope to inspire
you with my own story
so that you can
kick the door down
into your own
magnificent reality.
Thank you.
>> Thank you.
[APPLAUSE]
And Nassim Haramein, he is
a brilliant cutting-edge
physicist that spent
over 30 years exploring
that lens of the universe.
But, really, he's
exploring spirituality
and documenting how all
of universe is connected,
and we are one.
And he's also on his
own spiritual journey.
So he's not just a mind
figuring it all out.
He is a being in the spiritual
process in the truly--
the sense of the word.
So Nassim, what is your amazing
viewpoint on what's going on?
>> Well, it's great to be here.
I'm glad to hold this bookend,
maybe to give a little bit more
of the male
perspective on things.
[LAUGHTER]
Being a scientific mind
and doing hard science,
when you do hard science--
and I certainly have done
so throughout the years,
there is something
remarkable that happens.
And that is that if
you're completely
honest about the
process that you're
ongoing as you're doing
research, there's a point where
if you're truly a
seeker of truth,
where the scientific approach
kind of balance over--
like, cross over
to a gut feeling,
a scientific intuition, a place
where all possibilities emerge,
you are writing quantum
physics equation
and you're realizing that an
electron could be anywhere
in the universe at any time.
You know, all these
things are starting to--
and if you allow it to
open, if you allow it to--
if you let go of the need to
quantify, just in that moment--
like you might quantify
later, which is critical,
because I think a lot of
what the ladies on the panel
are talking about is
actually physics that
is not quite well understood.
When you let go of the need
to quantify it in that moment,
you get to open up
to a whole new world,
to a whole world
of possibilities
that eventually start
to have a relationship
to the physical world.
So, for me,
personally, it was in--
I was in my van, very isolated
doing a lot of research
for five years, climbing
every day, being in nature
and being very within myself
in continuous contemplation,
and meditation, and intention
of uncovering the mystery
of the material world.
And in those moments,
moments of elimination,
moments of great
revelation, which,
to me, relates to what you guys
are describing as ascension.
And there was
physical manifestation
of these moments, that is
moments of glowing blue,
and all kinds of things
were happening to my body,
to my environment around me.
And so it was very profound.
And as I rode the physics and as
I understood deeper and deeper
the mysteries of gravity, and
mass, and electromagnetism,
and magnetism, and so on,
I realized that ascension,
which was a parallel research I
was doing, was a state of mind,
in which there was an
opportunity to connect with
a source of information within
me that was not localized,
that was not
non-linear, that was--
non-local information
was available to me.
And as I realized that,
I realized that there
was an analog in the physics--
that is that entanglement,
the structure of spacetime,
that the universe is
like a information
highway, an information
network, non-local network,
and that there is application
to that information network
that has to do with
controlling gravity.
And that's when I realized
that what ancient civilization
talked about--
and I was studying ancient
civilization and anthropology
as well--
about this moment
in history where
humanity was going to ascend
was not just in the concept--
and the interpretation
that's typically given,
that it was going to ascend
in its consciousness,
or in its awareness, but
it was coupled with--
that the technology
to control gravity
was going to become available
because of this higher
understanding, this
higher awareness bringing
new understanding of
the physical world,
that was going to give us the
capacity to literally get off
the surface, which is
critical for evolution,
literal ascension.
So for me, that's what it means.
>> Wow.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Thank you, Nassim, it's
so helpful to have all
the perspectives on this,
because we are all of that.
So what I'd love to
do is widen the lens
and look at a cosmic
perspective of this.
So these are some topics I'd
like to choose from, that you
feel that you can speak to.
What is the current
cosmic ascension plan?
And these might be
some of the topics,
such as genetic transfiguration,
the scientific technology
of transfiguration,
shifting timelines,
including the dismantling
of the corrupt system.
Also, talk about 5D
earth a little bit more.
What does that
really mean to evolve
into the fifth dimension?
And do we do that as a
whole planetary system?
Also, getting the assistance
of the higher galactic,
says some of them mentioned,
or the ascended masters,
how are they a part of
this ascension process.
And one of the last things
you may want to talk about,
which is a lot of
what's been buzzing
in our community, the solar
flash, those transmissions
from the frequencies that
come in and really elevate
the ascension process, is
this one of major solar flash
that happens?
Is it happening consistently?
Or what is all that?
So let's look at the wider lens.
And Tracy, do you want to share
with me what you'd like to?
>> Wow, questions.
What I love to do--
because we are approaching
the subject of
ascension, I believe
we're entering a time where
perhaps everything can
be answered because, of course,
we are quantum answering
questions at this time.
So in terms of what's happening,
the channelings that I receive
have taken me into some very
specific work on the seven
gateways to the central sun,
seven gateways, the seven
major earth chakras.
And that is taking me into
showing up and definitively
working at the sites for both
massive inner transformational
work that allows you
to indeed elevate
your transformation
to the zero points,
and then taking us into very
strong and very accelerated
experiences of contact.
Now when I opened stargate,
in 2011 I was called to Egypt.
And that took me to consciously
opening the first stargate.
And I mean the
interdimensional communication
was extraordinary.
But there's something else
about what's happening,
which I suppose hasn't
necessarily been discussed,
is that when we're truly
in ascension, I mean,
the reality gateways
are blown open live.
And that means your own live
feed is changing the reality
that you're existing in.
So when I work in
the stargates--
I mean, I'm not just
referencing a interdimensional,
transdimensional
channelings communications.
I'm seeing, I'm engaging
with the ancestors.
I'm engaging in all
levels of communications.
And then what is also
happening-- because I do
do film work research.
And I have a body of films
that are also legitimately
demonstrating what's
happening live when
we're opening these star gates.
Now this is really important.
The first star gate, there
is a 15, 16-minute film
of orbs breaking out of the
back wall of a temple at Habu.
And it is a temple of ascension.
It's the royal palace of Egypt.
I spend a lot of time in Egypt.
Now I see Egypt as
a massive influencer
in terms of ancient
intelligence,
missing ancient
intelligence in terms
of what's happened to
us within the context
of our own consciousness.
During that first
stargate experience,
where the interdimensions
were in a narrative,
in, let me say, a
cosmic dance with me.
The response was to
my own consciousness,
to my dedicated work.
So the awakening and activation
of your own consciousness
is so important because
your consciousness,
you are the technology so
that you can become an avatar
influencer within the 3D.
And I believe this is what is
revolutionary about changing
our planet.
It's hugely important
that we experience
changes in our sacred
destiny, in our reality.
We're seeing energy.
We're seeing frequencies.
We're seeing the beings.
We're seeing what is
happening as well.
And then this takes us out of
the mainstream spirituality,
which doesn't really take us
into the technologies that
give us the full punch
into the ascension process.
So it's big stuff.
>> Great.
Thank you, Tracey.
[APPLAUSE]
And Meg, can you speak
to some of those topics?
>> So I found that there's a
couple steps that we go through
as we begin to open up
and become divine humans.
And one of them is learning
how to metabolize light
into the biology.
And this, of
course, is something
that we do in meditation.
You can do it anytime.
I've done it where I'm
sitting in traffic.
You can just start
opening your channel,
opening your chakra
pillar, and begin
to bring in crystalline light.
Because we need to
start to transform
our cellular structure from
carbon-based to crystalline.
So light needs to become part
of your daily routine, kind
of like a another meal.
You're going to begin to feed
light into your whole system.
And this, again, will also
help you raise your frequency.
So you start to unlock any
of the dense amnesia that's
holding you down.
The other thing, too, I
found is we need to activate
more of the right brain.
This is our multi-dimensional,
intuitive psychic brain
that we used to visualize.
We have to start
visualizing our reality
instead of letting it just
become a random thing that's
taking us on a ride.
We become, then, the
cocreators of our reality.
We begin to use the
visioning to communicate
to the universe what
we want to create.
The other thing, too, I found
is we need to get out of time.
So what I call the shadow-ego
personality is a time
construct, when we're not in
the past or not in the future,
we learn how to hold our
presence in the zero point,
in the now.
Then, the ego dissolves.
So it's learning how to bring
basically your entire reality
to zero point.
So I do this all the time.
I do it daily.
And so it's anything
that I'm involved in,
any project, any
traveling, any kind
of collaboration with others,
even working with clients.
We have to go into
that zero-point field
to be able to access the
quantum possibilities
and begin to literally
recode and rebuild
our consciousness,
and our genetic code,
and our physical reality.
So these steps start to become
just part of your routine, part
of your daily life.
It's a new way of living.
We're changing our
lifestyle in a way.
We're learning how to raise
our frequency, live on light,
use this multidimensional brain
of ours, this right brain.
We're pretty much a
left brain society.
We haven't developed much
of that right brain yet.
When we were children,
we used it much more,
because we were using
our imagination.
Well, we need to
open that up again.
This is how we
visualize our reality.
We live in a
holographic universe.
So we need to start using
our holographic brain
to communicate what
we want to create.
And then learning how to
get out of this push-pull
of the polarized field,
which is, in a sense,
separating us from the quantum
field, when we can learn
to neutralize and
come into zero point,
then everything opens up to us.
And then, we can bring the
soul or presence into the body.
We can embody the soul essence
in our heart magnetism,
and then start to draw in what
matches our soul frequency,
our soul essence.
And this is what we
call "synchronicity."
But it's truly embodying
our true divine self,
and then that
starts to magnetize
in what matches us, supports
us, and provides for us.
So as you go
through these steps,
then everything
starts to change.
I also found that we need
to consciously choose
to ground an anchor into
our ascension timeline.
Most of us are born into
family, ancestral lineage,
and matrices, and
that was our timeline.
We can unlock, as Maureen
mentioned-- jump tracks,
get into and lock on everyday
to our ascension timeline.
And this will change
everything for us.
Thank you.
>> Thank you.
Wonderful.
And Lori.
>> Well, I would love to address
a little bit about what's going
on since that's one of the
things you brought up about
the evolving earth.
So let's understand that
there are infinite potentials
available for us.
And at every now
moment, we're making
choices, either consciously
or unconsciously,
about how we'll experience
our external reality
or our relationship with
the external reality.
But that's always going to be
a mirror reflection of what's
going on with us internally.
So in the third
dimensional reality,
where we've been
existing in separation,
we were experiencing
that reality
from a place of victimhood
and unconsciousness.
In other words, the
external reality
was never a reflection
of who we were,
but rather something
we were powerless over
and had no control to
manipulate, or change, or do
anything.
We were victimized in a sense.
It was impressed upon us and
had nothing to do with us.
So this is external forces
having control over us, right?
In this new reality,
we become fully,
and wholly, and
completely aware that
the entire external reality is
a reflection of what is going on
with us internally
and that, as we change
with conscious choice, what's
going on with us internally,
the external reality entirely
conforms changes and shifts.
And at the same time,
we are upleveling--
because we're making new
conscious choices that are more
desirable, more
benefic'-- in other words,
beneficial and benevolent.
And as we change and conform
with us internally-- thoughts,
emotions, mental--
this impresses on the physical,
and radiates out from us,
and then is
reflected back to us.
We up-level into a new timeline
of experience, essentially.
Then our whole
experience changes.
So when Meg says, get yourself
on your ascension timeline,
this is essentially
what she's saying.
Through the inner
transformation,
we up-level, we integrate
a new experience,
and then the external
reality reflects that back.
I hope this makes
sense to everybody.
Now this is what we
need to understand
about the new 5th
dimensional reality.
This new reality, which is
vibratory states, frequencies
of energy that
vibrate in harmony--
with peace, love, joy,
happiness, understanding,
compassion, et cetera,
we must vibrate with that
wholly and completely in
order to really anchor
into that new reality.
So this ascension process
is where we're basically
allowing ourselves to do so
through conscious, regular,
ongoing choice--
energy, clearings,
et cetera, that we've
been discussing here.
But here's the key.
In order for this to
sustain for all of humanity,
nothing inorganic
will sustain here.
In other words, what
I mean by that--
nothing that is non-beneficial
to the whole can sustain.
So what that means is
non beneficial realities
and timelines inorganic to the
future of humanity drop out
of the experience.
Perfect example, World War III.
Never going to happen.
No matter how you're
brainwashed or they
try to brainwash-- just
not going to happen.
Because the frequencies
that we're now
existing on in this collective
group are too peace-joy-love
based.
They cannot sustain something
that is non beneficial
and non-benevolent.
This is so important
for us to understand
because it helps us to reclaim
our power to create what we
truly desire as a collective.
Because the
foundational foundation
is that which serves the highest
and best of all concerned
with harm to none, bar none.
Now here's the thing.
If you're a gatekeeper
or a grid worker,
if you understand these terms,
those of us who are literally
gatekeeping for the
higher realities
to manifest and materialize
for all on planet Earth,
we know, as gatekeepers, we get
to say, not in this reality.
No thank you.
And we can drop stuff
out that's too dense.
If we're grid
workers, we're working
with the grid of the Earth.
We're using crystalline
Christ consciousness
and anchoring that
into the physical earth
so that all beings
can elevate from that.
It's a foundational work.
So I hope this makes
sense to people.
But the key to get is this--
this is where I'm leading it to
and then I'll complete.
Think of reverse engineering.
The completion-- there's
never a completion.
But the evolution of
humanity is assured.
It's already created
at a timeline, where
we are all leveling up to--
that timeline where
the future of humanity
is assured as peaceful,
benevolent, and loving,
where all beings get to
create in a conscious way
to choose new
desirable experiences
with this foundation for
the highest and best of all
with harm to none is assured.
And our job is to
keep our eye on that,
to understand that that's
where we're all going.
That is the reverse
engineering-- from there.
That's the back out.
We're just somewhere on a
timeline leading to that.
And I hope that makes sense.
>> Wow, thank you, Lori.
Beautiful.
>> Well, I love what
you guys are saying,
and it's so nice to be
around kindred souls.
Specifically addressing the
question that you asked,
I am a direct
channel from source.
And a number of years ago, maybe
about seven or eight years ago,
I could feel that there was fear
in how this transformation was
going to occur.
And the ETs of light
that I was working with
were showing me,
energetically, that there
was a lot of concern about
your feelings of fear,
of fright, of the challenges to
changing your belief systems,
and that that would cause you--
and I say "you," but I mean
the collective "you," the body
of humans on the planet--
would cause so much
dysfunctional emotion
that there was a problem,
if you will, to transform.
Because the whole idea was
to do so with grace and ease.
More recently, the energy that
they are transmitting to me
is that that has been
resolved and that humanity
has moved to a place where
they can maintain their peace
and harmony.
They may encounter shock,
and fear, and surprise,
but it won't cause them to
move into emotional dysfunction
anymore.
So just like Lori
was saying about
the transformation
is already foretold.
In one of my earlier books,
I was channeling the message
from the ascended
masters, that we were
in a free-fall free-for-all.
And they showed
me people jumping
from a plane with parachutes.
Everyone's going to get on the
ground safely with a parachute.
But what they do before they
pull the chute is up to them.
So they can do somersaults.
They can hook up
with other people.
They can change the
way they're going.
They can change
where they're going.
And that freefall is
this opportunity for us
to stand in our
power and to have fun
becoming our most evolved self.
Now I will tell you that there
is something very specific that
is going to happen on March 21.
And you might notice it,
but a lot of people won't.
Because one of the things
that I have noticed
is that when you are--
I'll say a member of this club
and you have family members who
aren't, they can make fun of
you because of your interest
in esoteric things and teach
you at family gatherings.
And then one day, they call
you and they start asking you
about some of this stuff.
And you answer them politely.
And you get off the phone
and you think, wait a minute.
They didn't used
to think this way.
And the answer is,
they woke up in 5D.
And I believe that a lot
of the people that we're
seeing as resistors
are simply extras,
waiting for us to step up.
And as we step up to a
place of unconditional love
and unconditional
beingness, then we're
all going to have that
opportunity to go higher.
So I believe on March 21
that something significant
is going to happen and
that that consciousness
is going to be hit with
a wave of love that
is so great that
everyone you know
will be different
than they used to be.
And some of you will remember.
Some of you won't.
And you'll just keep on
going because you weren't
aware of the outer
world's consciousness,
and that's OK, too.
Now one of the things that I
believe helps us dissolve ego
and allows us to be connected
to the earth into each other
is to learn how to connect
with your higher self.
And your higher self is
your fifth-dimensional self.
It is the ascended master you.
And when you connect
with that advisor
and you learn to
communicate with that energy
and stay in that place
of always asking,
humility is forthcoming.
And you don't have to
worry about your ego,
because you're always checking
in with your resource.
And your resource
is the divine you.
Thank you.
>> Thank you, Maureen.
[APPLAUSE]
Yes, Alexa?
>> Well, I believe that
ascension is as individual
as it is collective and as
physical as it is spiritual.
We are surrounded and
inundated with beings
in different dimensions,
of different planets.
I know that, in
my own experience,
that resonates as
incredibly true.
I write multiple books about
it called the zero point.
We keep talking
about the zero point.
And these beings, some of
them came as a shock to me.
I am not a religious
person whatsoever.
My religion is love.
I come from a cosmic
perspective, not
an earthly one.
So you can imagine that
when Yeshua showed up
in my living room, that
would be Jesus, I went,
no, you have the wrong house.
You might want to try next door.
Well, he's stubborn.
He stayed.
And, finally, I said, all
right, what do you got?
So he taught me about
the Christ consciousness.
And it's not a religious thing.
It is actually a
scientific thing.
It is a grid.
And it starts from
the core of the Earth,
and it goes all the
way up in space,
and it holds up all life.
Well, then, enter
another being--
the Magdalenes.
It was Mary Magdalene,
she shows up.
And I'm like, OK,
here we go again,
another religious figure.
OK.
So she trains me in
the Magdalene Order,
which is a divine
order of men and women
that have a sacred
mission of a frequency.
Again, we're going to
science, not religion.
And they trained me on this
physical plasmic energy.
It's a field.
And that field is superimposed
on this Christ consciousness.
And they taught me
how to use that.
And then together,
they blended those
into the divine matrix,
which is something new
that I unveiled here.
And it's a sacred geometry.
And each of this within you.
It's a diamond that
rotates at the heart
chakra in the third
eye, and it is also
embedded in every sentiment
consciousness in this universe.
And it rotates.
And you can connect with it.
And it's an ascension tool.
It's a vortex that has
gravity and weight.
And it's a portal.
So it's my great
honor, it took me
decades to be able to have the
language, the earthly language
to download it.
Because in the
quantum field, when
you're in space
time, not time space,
the language is very different.
You have to learn how to
communicate it to other people,
and it's very, very difficult.
So that did come to light.
So you are so supported by so
many beings, but it's up to you
to step out of
resistance, and that's
that earthly thing that requires
having ego-dissolving moments.
That's a lot of fun.
You don't want to spend
your weekend doing that
particularly, but
it's necessary.
If you're having the
earthly experience,
your role is to
transmute all that
and become the observer
of your experience
so that you can get into
these other experiences,
and try them on, and
see where you go.
Because, again, we're
back to your story.
We're back to your
divine fire and how
that connects to the universe
and to the multiverses.
So thank you.
>> Beautiful.
Thank you so much.
[APPLAUSE]
OK, Nassim.
>> OK.
[LAUGHTER]
I'm not sure which
subject to pick.
It's complex.
Out of that question,
I would say,
well, you know,
when I think of 5D,
I think of a [INAUDIBLE] metric.
So I might be a
little lost, but I'm
thinking that you
guys are describing
a different scale of
information transfer
that the environment of our
solar system is entering in.
And so when I think
of that, I think
of some of that calculation I
did early on, like in the '90s.
And some of the evidence that
supported these calculations
throughout the years,
because our solar system--
and part of your question
is about solar flashes--
our solar system is
entering into a denser
region and a higher
electromagnetic region
of our galaxy.
We know that now.
I predicted it somewhat
loosely in the '90s
by doing calculation
in the relationship
of our solar system to
the galactic structure.
And when I did
these calculations,
I realized that there would be
a compression or an increase
in radiation of our heliosphere,
that is the solar wind
sphere that holds the
solar system as it's
moving through space
and to the galaxy.
And the compression
of that bubble,
if you'd like to think of it,
would increase the radiation
inside our solar system, and
that we should see changes
on planetary systems
in our solar system,
like heating up of the planets,
changing in our solar dynamics,
and so on.
And throughout
the years, then, I
have done a lot of solar
monitoring and data
acquisition of solar dynamics
and so on-- and analysis.
And I found this
evidence along the years,
and then I was very excited
when the Voyager probes got out
of the heliosphere.
And for the first
time, humanity was
able to look around
directly from probes outside
of the heliosphere,
and they literally
saw this higher
density region that's
pushing on the
heliosphere, that's
compressing the front of the
heliosphere and the radiation.
And there was big press
conference at NASA.
At first, they were
very worried about it.
And then, they realized,
actually, it's going to be OK.
But, basically, we're
baiting in a whole new level
of information.
Like, there's more
information available.
There's more energy available.
There's more
radiation available.
And it requires an adjustment.
I think it's driving an
evolutionary step for humanity
and evolutionary
transformation for humanity--
and that, I think,
people are feeling it
all around the world.
I mean, it's not just the
amazing people on this panel
that I'm honored to be with.
But it's, as well, scientists,
and business people,
and political figures and so on.
They're feeling this new
level of information,
this flaring of
our solar system,
this flaring of our sun.
And the result is that it can
be a little bit uncomfortable.
It can create a little bit havoc
with your bodily functions,
with your clarity.
I mean, I've noticed
throughout the years--
because I monitor the sun a
lot, when there's solar flare
activity, like if
you're on the highway,
you notice people start
driving weird, you know?
And it's like, what is
wrong with these people?
And then, you look
up, the solar activity
is like, oh, yeah,
just-- you know?
And we can see this
physiologically,
meaning we can measure brain
wave frequency changes when
solar activity is occurring
and sun flaring and all this.
So it has a real impact.
Like, it is a reality.
We are changing
in energy levels.
And, globally, the
morphogenetic field is evolving.
So as a result--
as well as the result
of the stressors
that it produces on our
society and requiring
that we have new levels of
technology and new levels
of understanding of
the universe to be
able to move to the next level.
So that's my interpretation.
>> Fabulous.
[APPLAUSE]
Isn't this wonderful that we
have the five women painting
this expansive picture
of what's possible,
and then the masculine
grounds it in specifics.
It makes it really real to all
parts of how we think and look.
So I appreciate that.
>> Thank you.
I appreciate it.
>> Yeah.
And now, I'd like to get really
real and personal, because this
is really why we're here.
What's going on with us?
What is this process
of transformation?
What's really going on
on a personal level?
So some of the other things
that we could talk about
is DNA activation.
What is that?
And what does that mean?
The evolution of the light body,
the activation of the merkaba,
soul's ascension timeline,
which we started talking about,
and the total transfiguration
and building heart magnetism,
how important that is.
Also, the process of
healing your core wounds,
how that's so important
to not being brought down
to the dense negative
energies, but really going
through core healing
that can have you
really exist at a higher level.
And what is this thing
called ascension flu
that people go through when
they go through an upleveling
and they actually have
flu like symptoms?
Or going through the
dark night of the soul,
that your soul calls in--
everything that
you love goes away,
and you have to reconstruct your
whole life from a whole nother
level connected with source.
Or sharing about what the
phenomenon is of the new human
that we're talking
about, the higher levels
of intuition, the higher
levels of functioning,
being able to manifest
whatever you want,
as we're all now
practicing how to manifest.
I know that's the
process of 5D reality
is be able to
instantly manifest.
Also, just existing
in the quantum field,
which is what we're
talking about.
So many topics there.
Take it away.
Tracy, what would you
like to share with us
about this personal experience?
>> I'd like to speak about
going back to your sacred
experiences, your
sacred destiny.
Every challenge that
we meet on the planet
and within our own lives, the
landscape of our understanding
can be changed when we immerse
ourselves in the sacred.
So we look to asking
the right questions,
coming back to what is
my sacred destiny, what
are the dreams of my own
evolution, my own ascension,
my own transformation, what
was I designed for as a human
being?
Sacred designed for?
And each and every
one of you will all
agree that we all have dreams.
Those individuals who
are intelligent enough
to dismiss the false matrix and
to dismiss what we are often
influenced by, then
those individuals
break down the walls
of limitations.
The generic walls--
the walls that
tie us into stereotypes,
tie us into never transforming
and overhauling the wound.
And this is hugely important.
I believe the inner work that
we must do at this time is huge.
I mean, our responsibility
and dedication
must be that we must
look to ourselves
and take great and
deep responsibility.
I also believe there's an
entirely different frontier
of work technologies that are
now being designed and gifted
to us, which means this arena
is emerging and revolution also.
And this is hugely important
because the technologies
we must stand in
a new frontier--
and that means we must stand
in technologies that perhaps
aren't so familiar to us.
And that becomes
interesting in this arena.
Because often we cling to
technologies that do not work.
So I'm very interested in how
we begin to experiment more
with direct experiences now--
to be trained to have
direct experiences,
frequency experiences to
stand in the gateways,
to stand in the gateways that
hold these magical keys of zero
point.
It's the void.
Now I translate this
with David Bowie.
David Bowie left
"Blackstar," his legacy.
I mean, that has all the
clues within the contact
of our ascension.
The black star is,
of course, the void.
And the void is where all
the sacred magic resides.
And it's powerful
enough to support you.
And it's the first
house of metaphysics,
which also needs to be
initiated and reawakened
as ordinary gifts on
a day-to-day basis.
I mean, the avatars that
are being sacred called
at this time, to be
activated is one thing,
to sustain it is another.
We are being trained,
and encouraged,
and initiated into this phase--
reality gateway of revolution.
Now if you feel sacred called
to be brave and fearless enough
to step into the
unknown, I mean,
the technologies
of 4D practices,
technologies will not work.
So we must be brave and fearless
and step up into the unknown.
And that courage will awaken and
activate incredible processes
of sacred destiny, and love, and
contracts that also assist you.
>> Thank you.
[APPLAUSE]
Meg.
>> So as you're hearing, there's
different ways to go into this
process.
And I feel that we're all
from our own unique galactic
ancestral lineage, which is kind
of what we resonate with-- so
just kind of following what
talks to you, what grabs
your heart, which pulls
you, that will tell you,
then, this is embedded in
me, this is encoded in me,
this is my own lineage.
For myself, my lineage goes
into the metatron lineage.
And so I had direct contact
with Archangel Metatron
in the early years and
has been guiding me
through my steps and
techniques that work for me
and that I teach.
And it's working
with sacred geometry,
especially, working with
Metatron's Cube, which
is the template of
creation in our universe
and working with the infinity
loop, the infinity sign
as well.
And these are very
simple templates
that you can start to apply
in your meditation practice.
One of the things that is
embedded in Metatron's Cube
is the double star merkaba.
And this is, of course,
when you are working
within your own field,
it starts to open it up
within your body and
your aura and begin
to activate this double star
tetrahedron merkaba geometry,
will then begin to
activate your torus.
And the torus is, of
course, your vehicle
for multi-dimensional
access, and it's also
your vehicle to receive.
When we've been governed and
controlled by the left brain,
everything had to be kind of
pushed against gravity, right?
It was all effort and struggle.
And when we begin to shift
out of that paradigm,
that matrix reality, we start
to get more heart based.
So we're kind of dropping down
from agitated analytical mind
and getting more into the heart.
The problem is most
of our hearts--
I know mine was-- was very
contracted and guarded.
And I had very
shallow breathing,
and I couldn't get much
energy into my heart.
So to do a lot of core-wounding
healing in the heart space,
both of this life
and past life, to be
able to open up this magnificent
heart chakra that we need.
Because that's also the
center of your merkaba.
You need the heart to
be fully receiving.
And I'm talking about literally
receiving from the higher
dimensions into your
body, into your heart.
When the heart is
open, then you begin
to activate your magnetism.
I know in the
earlier years, I kept
asking Metatron, my higher
self, I can't seem to manifest.
What's the deal here?
I'm struggling.
I'm starving.
What's going on?
And I kept hearing, you're
going to manifest and magnetize
what's within your heart.
And your heart is shut down.
Your heart is empty.
So you're magnetizing
more emptiness.
I was like, oh, damn.
OK.
I need to get in my heart.
So that was part of
the process of opening,
healing, getting my soul
presence in the heart,
and then everything changed.
Then, I could start to pull
in what actually resonates
with my soul and matches my soul
purpose and my soul destiny.
So heart.
The other thing is the fifth
dimension is a feeling field.
So we enter it from the heart.
You don't enter
it from the mind.
So, again, the heart
has to get opened
and present with your
soul essence, your soul
frequency, your soul vibration.
Because, then, that
elevates you in
and opens the portal to
the fifth dimensional field
and higher.
So heart work, you
guys, is so important.
No matter what you can do, I
would just encourage everyone
to do some work there.
Even if it's just tuning
in to the heart and asking,
what do you need from me?
I'm here for you.
What do you need?
How can I help
you heal and open?
Then, you become a receiver
being, instead of this
pushing and efforting being.
You become a receptor.
And then, the heavens come in.
You're open to the
abundance that's
available in our universe.
So heart energy, I really
encourage everyone,
is really a priority
in this ascension.
Thank you.
>> Great, thank you.
[APPLAUSE]
Lori?
>> So I want to address a little
bit about the sun since we--
I didn't get that in before.
The solar flares are largely,
from a spiritual evolutionary
perspective, from a perspective
of ascension, assisting
us to activate and accelerate
our ability to be light body,
to activate light within our
body, and to-- what is light?
To enlighten us.
And if we understand
that this sun, which
we could deem the Son of
God, that is conscious,
just like Mother Earth Gaia
is, Son of God, Solaris,
is providing us
with consciousness
through this
evolutionary process.
So as we work with the
consciousness of Solaris
and the sun, this
consciousness also
assists us to ascend and
to elevate our frequency.
Now to understand the DNA part,
I really want to address this.
Because part of what I've been
doing now for about 12 years
or so is helping
people and animals
to activate the
dormant DNA, and also
to clear out the corrupted
DNA from our lineage.
So let's talk about
this for a moment.
We know, in our
physical reality,
and in what we've called this
third dimensional reality
of physical experience, we
have two strands of DNA that
were basically-- that are
basically recordkeepers,
storing up information from our
ancestors of their experiences.
And the corrupted
parts of that DNA
is what science
or genetics would
deem harmful or detrimental.
In other words, you have
a propensity for diabetes,
you have a propensity
for depression.
You have a propensity
for breast cancer--
and then, you slice
your breasts off.
OK, but, really,
what it is is it's
areas of our ancestors, where
they were out of alignment
with the divine.
And they left these codes in
the first two strands of DNA
so that we could go back, and
clear them, and claim the gifts
of that that they were missing.
So, for example, in the
first two strands of DNA,
if you have a program
or a coding in there
from your ancestors
of diabetes, that's
a storyline, where the
ancestors didn't know how
to enjoy the sweetness of life.
They didn't know how
to process sweetness.
They were out of
alignment with the joy
of allowing sweetness to flow.
They felt powerless in
some way, shape, or form
to enjoy sweetness, right?
This is just coded in
the ancestral lineage.
And we can actually now, with
our consciousness, higher
consciousness, identify it,
and clear it, and resolve it.
Claim the gifts--
completely, clear that out
from the first two
strands of DNA.
Of course, science doesn't
know this, Western science,
but its being discovered
from these higher
realms of consciousness.
Now beyond the first
two strands of DNA,
we also know that we have,
in the physical world,
at least 10 more strands of DNA
that also have codes in them.
Those codes tend to be
the desirable codes--
the things we want to aspire
to, to awaken within us.
They include
crystalline codes that
are linked into the crystalline
consciousness, which links
into Christ consciousness.
They include codes of light
from Solaris, the Son of God,
to enlighten us, to
allow us to transform
into these crystalline-form
bodies, light bodies.
They include codes for your
perfect and ideal states
of health and well-being,
which are the original divine
blueprint for humanity, which
is the eradication of illness,
disease, suffering.
Your original divine blueprint
in your DNA, by the way,
waiting to be activated
is as unique to you
as your thumbprint is.
And once you activate it
and reveal it to yourself,
all of your solutions
for your life,
for you to live your highest
and best life, to aspire to
and to claim your
rightful dream,
your most joyful,
fulfilling life experience
and your greatest service
and contribution to humanity,
as your own awakening being,
god embodiment, source embodied,
is in there.
It's in your codes of
your DNA, waiting for you
to access and reveal.
And so this is part of
the awakening process.
We clear out the corrupted DNA,
not just from our ancestors,
but also including perhaps
implants that keep us--
for example, there's an
implant, divide and conquer--
keeps us separated, arguing,
debating, two different sides
of polarity, extremes.
I'm a Republican, you're
a Democrat; I'm white,
you're black; blah, blah.
That's corrupted kind of stuff.
That gets cleared out.
And then, these dormant
potentials within us
are sitting there waiting
for us to activate and claim.
So this is part of our
ascension process, too,
and this is part of--
in part with the
crystalline kingdom
the crystals are helping
us with and the Solaris,
the Son of God, and of
course Mother Earth Gaia,
and all her consciousness, as
well as our most benevolent,
loving beings in the
non-physical realm, who
are here to assist us as well.
And that includes
angels, archangels,
and other benevolent
star family races
who are here to assist and
help us through this journey.
I hope that's helpful.
>> Very much.
So thank you.
[APPLAUSE]
OK, Maureen.
>> Well, you made a big list--
DNA, light activation, 5D
merkaba, heart magnetism.
And I want to speak
to the sacred geometry
and also to the
merkaba, and tell you
that there is an evolved
version of a merkaba that
will help you open up
all of these chakras
and also allow you then to open
up the portal to your higher
self and allow that information
to flow through you.
And what's really
interesting is,
after you activate and learn
how to use your higher chakras,
then you'll become a being
that doesn't have any.
[LAUGHS] It's so funny.
Because it's like you
evolve through this process,
and then, at a certain point,
you just don't need them.
Because all of these
chakras are energy centers
that allow us to
receive information
from the people around us,
from the world around us,
and then to use that information
as a way to understand
and experience the world.
So the energy of
the merkaba creates
a fifth-dimensional
field around your body,
which allows you then
to be fifth dimensional.
And being fifth
dimensional means
that you can keep your heart
open without fear of damage,
or being attacked, or rained on.
Now it doesn't mean people
won't do things like that.
But what will happen
is you'll be like Neo
in "The Matrix," who
suddenly discovered
he can dodge bullets.
And he didn't know
he could do that.
And that's what happened.
There'll be incoming insults,
and you'll notice them,
and you'll see the love
behind them, like the time
my stepfather said, you're
just like your mother.
And I leaned back
and I said, wow,
that's one of the nicest
things you've ever said.
[LAUGHTER]
And now his tone was
trying to hurt me,
but I knew he loved my mother.
And I knew that I could claim
that, which is what I did.
And I believe that the first
thing we're going to be doing
is activating our ability
to stay open-hearted.
And then we're going
to connect that
with the mind that will
also expand in a huge way
and reframe the reality that
we currently experience,
and in so doing, open
up our capacity, then,
to experience the
higher chakras, which
will allow us to manifest
things in our hands
and to allow us to
understand people,
even though they might not
speak our language and so on.
And all of these gifts are
a process of experience
and experimentation.
And we chose this as
a way to experience
and to expand the mind of God.
So our purpose here isn't
to fix what is broken,
as much as it is to reclaim
that which is already ours.
And in so doing, have
fun and have joy,
and allow ourselves to
become this expansive beings
that we already are.
Now I love the things that are
being said by Meg because she
and I, it's almost like we're
sitting in the same classroom
in other realms.
Because even though I
know her and I love her,
we don't communicate.
We don't share information.
And yet, everything that
comes out of her mouth, dang,
I was going to say that.
Oh, I better not say that.
She said it.
And so I'm laughing at myself
because so much of what you get
and you tell people
is exactly the same.
And that's a good sign
for you because it
means that you can allow
yourself to go there
and to be comfortable in it.
So I believe the
activation of the merkaba
will help you open your heart,
creating that safe space that
allows you then to safely
explore with your mind
and merge the mind and the
body into a sacred dance.
And that's where we're going.
>> Great, beautiful.
[APPLAUSE]
And Alexa.
>> Thank you.
I love this questions so much.
I love it so much because
I wrote nine books
about my personal
experience with it.
All of my life, I have not been
trying to get out of my body.
I've been trying to get
in my body and ground.
Because Earth is
kind of hard, man.
I mean, it's-- you know,
it's not that fun when
you're in polarity and duality.
So when you decided to
manifest, pre-incarnatively,
you chose activation points
during your lifetime,
whether you're
conscious of it or not.
I myself remember choosing
some, but then there's
others I do not
remember choosing.
Word of advice, when you get
an ego-dissolving moment,
that it comes at you, take it.
I promise.
Because it's going
to keep showing up.
And in my books, I'm
incredibly honest,
I had one in particular
that showed up three times.
And by the time the third time
came around, yeah, it stung.
It stung a lot.
But during that time,
it was the darkest time.
And it was a
relationship, of course,
because being an extrasensory,
we magnetize in the love space.
But it was also the most
spiritually beautiful time.
This was a time of
activation, my star family
had returned again.
After a dark period
of being away.
So my star father comes in,
and it's a beautiful time
and energetic space.
But when you're in
the quantum field
in that particular dimension,
there's not the human emotion.
It's conveyed differently.
So he's standing at the foot
of my bed, and he's saying,
OK, it's time for
you to activate.
And I'm thinking, all right.
All right.
You gonna help me?
I mean, what are we
going to do here?
He says, you're going
to get out of your body.
And I said, OK, obviously, I
assume I know how to do this.
So I start trying.
And I try, and I try and I
try, and I try and I try.
And, eventually, I come out.
And I go back in,
and he said, it
took two beings to get you out.
He goes, stop thinking.
Just be.
And he taught me, you cannot
think your way into situations.
The way you activate is
through your feelings,
not through your mind.
I tell people, you need to
decapitate yourself slightly--
not literally, please,
I don't invoke violence.
But start coming from
that heart space.
That's how you
begin to activate.
That same night, my partner,
he showed up as well.
And they created some
implants in my heart.
But in that process,
I actually died.
I left my body, and I had all of
the symptoms of a heart attack.
And as I'm leaving,
I thought, really?
Right now?
Um, don't I have things to do.
This is a kind of an odd timing.
I mean, I haven't even
gotten to my work yet.
But, thankfully, they
put me back in my body.
And it was at that point
that I realized, we all
have the capacity to activate.
But you have to decide, are
you going to consciously do it?
Or are you just going
to unconsciously do it?
Are you going to take
steps to get to that place?
Are you going to prepare for it?
Because if we stay connected
to media, and newspapers,
and TV shows, and kind
of numb ourself out,
you're going to
delay that process.
Are you taking your
ego-dissolving moments?
Are you taking
advantage of those
so that you can grow yourself?
Because I only grew
through forgiveness
of myself and others.
That was my human experience.
I had to learn to have
that human experience.
So the goal of all
of these beings
and all these beautiful
beings and realms,
is to teach us to start
stepping into our light body.
And it's a beautiful experience.
It's magnetic.
It's electric.
So try shaking hands with it.
It's really important
to start actively
moving into those fields.
It's completely available
to you, and it's beautiful.
The way I look at you
and I see you now,
you are completely
capable of doing it,
but you have to step into it.
Thank you.
>> Thank you.
[APPLAUSE]
>> I could go a whole
bunch of different ways.
But I think that--
I was saying earlier, I think
there is a transformation
that's occurring.
And transformation
is occurring globally
in the morphogenetic
field, in the solar system,
and in the individuals
that makes up
the morphogenetic field.
So in this transformation,
there is moments
that are fairly uncomfortable.
And they probably
don't feel like--
as you transform more
and more-- and that's
my experience anyway.
They get worse and
worse, you know?
Meaning that they become
more and more dramatic
in their impact.
And because you're evolving, you
get more and more of the tools
necessary to deal with it.
And so that something that
would completely freaked me out
10 years ago, occurs
to me now almost daily.
And I'm like, yeah, no worries.
I get it.
All right, I'm just going
to chop my head right
below the neck, and I'll be OK.
I'm just going to
regrow another one.
It's almost like--
for me anyway, it's
like you become somebody
that, from the outside,
looks like they
have a thick skin,
but it's not because you're
becoming more closed up,
and more isolated,
and more thick.
It's actually because you're
opening up more and more
and trusting that
when you're open,
you can actually
deal with anything
that comes your way, right?
It's not going to destroy you.
You're just going
to keep coming back.
Like, you're just
invincible, right?
So you don't have to hide.
You don't have to be afraid.
You don't have to be ashamed.
You can go through all
the stuff you go through.
And whether the
people around you
can deal with it or not
is another issue, right?
You can just do
what you have to do.
And their opinion and their
judgment about you, that's
their own affairs.
That's none of your
business, right?
So it's getting easier for me.
And it is getting easier for
me, because I feel more of me.
And more of my heart,
center, more of my strength,
more of my core, and I'm not
afraid to be who I am, right?
And like that, I can
be OK with people
disagreeing with who I am?
It's OK.
And so that's, for me--
really transformational.
That's, for me, allowing
me to take something
that maybe 20 years
ago was a goal
and make that goal possible.
Because I'm able to stand in
the middle of complete chaos
and disarray and be
completely OK with it.
>> Great.
[APPLAUSE]
Now, again, isn't that a
testimony of the sacred
masculine, coming
into his power?
Definitely.
>> Hopefully.
Working on it.
[LAUGHTER]
>> And we're going to
start to wind this up.
And hasn't that's
been an amazing panel?
Such incredibly detailed,
focused, clear information
on ascension, which is
such a complex process.
And so we're going to leave
by having everyone give
their top tool on ascension
and maybe some resources
that they have that they share
that you can benefit from in
only a minute or a little more.
And then we're also going to
go into an ascension activation
process.
Because this is not just
about talking about this.
Again, this is an
embodied experience
that you can
experience and feel.
And going into an
ascension activation
is definitely a way to
raise your frequency
and open yourself up to your
own guidance and messages.
But, for now, I'd like to go one
more round briefly in a minute,
a little over a minute.
Just share your
top tool and what
you have to offer
that can help people
in their ascension process.
>> When you're not
passionate and have hope,
bring that back
into your reality.
And I believe it is about
looking at our frequency--
our technology is
our consciousness.
So check in.
Analyze, evaluate, your
thoughts and your feelings.
They carry frequency.
So when we check in and
we evaluate ourselves,
we can slide the frequency.
We can change our state.
And that will indeed
change our reality.
That allows us to snowball
in terms of our frequency.
Because this is about
high-frequency embodiment.
So taking deep responsibility
for the way we know who we are,
and then taking
those necessary steps
to choose consciousness
states that are indeed
high frequency will even help
you to transform your wounds.
Because that taking
responsibility
makes this a complete
journey of transformation.
So your work is embodied.
And that will ignite great
light and great life force.
So my meditation practice is
every day, minute by minute,
so I can hold these
amazing frequencies
so they're available to you,
to us on a day-to-day basis.
And that's how we hold
the high frequency baton,
and we give that to each
person we meet in our lives.
>> Thank you, Tracy.
>> Thank you.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Meg, what is your tool and
what do you have to offer?
>> I have found from
going through this process
for the past 25 years that
our greatest wound is really
our greatest gift.
And if we can go into it, it
opens the door to our divinity.
And so from myself,
I share the practice
that I was taught, working
closely with Archangel Metatron
and using Metatron's Cube, not
only to activate the merkaba
torus, but also to
establish zero point,
and to open up
what's, basically,
the quantum vortex energy around
the body and the aura to--
it's an ascension tool that's
available to all of us.
It helps us clear out
all of the corrupted code
and ancestral
lineage and trauma,
but it also can pull in, and it
helps pull the soul inside us.
And to pull the abundance
that's available to us.
So I'm going to be teaching
this technique in two hours.
And I'm doing a free lecture.
I would love to see you there.
If you'd like to come, I'll walk
you through and demonstrate it.
But I also teach it online
and in webinars and videos
and work with clients privately.
So it is a complex package
available to everyone.
But one of the greatest
passions that I have
is also working on
shifting the planet,
shifting the consciousness.
And so I do monthly global
activations that are webcasts.
Everyone comes in from
all around the world,
lightworkers earth
keepers, grid workers,
and we work together to
not only shift ourselves
and activate ourselves,
but then together we
create a group mind.
And we work on the collective.
We increase the collective
with love frequency.
We shift the dividing
separatism of duality.
So it's a chance for you to step
into the fields of the quantum
vortex with me on
a monthly basis
and really do what your
purpose is here to do.
My website is
newearthcentral.com,
and I'd just love
to hear from you
and support you
in any way I can.
So thank you.
>> Thank you.
Wonderful.
Lori?
>> Well, for the key tools,
I'd like to offer our--
number one, I just want
to remind you the process
that I share and help
others through is to--
in terms of a linear process,
though it's not linear, is,
number one, to identify
all of those aspects
of our consciousness and
our limited reality that
keep us stuck in an old
paradigm, which we can see
is collapsing, whether it's
conscious or unconscious,
whether it's known
or unknown to us,
whether it's from this lifetime
or a parallel existence,
whatever it is that's keeping
us stuck and/or small,
and/or limited, and/or unhappy,
and/or struggling-- all
of that, it's the
first thing we can all
do within ourselves is to begin
to identify those things clear
and resolve them in a way
that works right for us
by coming into attunement.
This is, really,
the second part,
is we come into
attunement and alignment
with the divinity
that is within us.
And we activate and awaken that
dormant potential within us,
that's lying dormant,
and we systematically
and simultaneously
align with-- sometimes
through what we call
downloads and certainly
through activations
that divinity within us.
And we call in more
of our embodiments.
That's step 2.
Step 3 is where we really
anchor into and align
with this new paradigm
based on a fifth-dimensional
consciousness of peace,
love, and oneness.
And we really anchor into that.
This is an ongoing
process, of course.
And then number 4 is to become
really conscious co-creators
for all of humanity, for
the greater good of all
of humanity-- servers of the
light, servers of the divine,
severs of the evolution of
humanity for the greater
good of all, the highest and
best of all with harm to none.
So those four steps, I
hope that's helpful to you
because we all have that
within us to follow.
I also want to say that a major
part of the work and service I
do is through DNA activations
and other sacred key code
activations and star
code-marking activations.
And you're certainly welcome to
get a free activation if you go
to my website,
lorispagna.com/freegifts/dna.
And we'll send you a free
class on how to do it.
And we'll send you a
gifted DNA activation.
And if you're wanting to know
more of your role as a light
worker, star seed, wayshower,
change agent for the greater
good of humanity, you can
also get an incredible class
and gifted e-book from
me at lorispagna.com/f
reegifts/starseed.
You will love it.
And finally, I want to say
that we're doing actual DNA
activations today, sacred
key code activations
in the gifted workshop, free
workshop today, this afternoon,
it's at 6:00 PM.
I don't know what room it is.
But it's Lori Spagna.
And you'll find it 6:00 PM
today, free workshop in Marina.
I hope to see you there.
And by the way, if
you're a believer,
you will shift into a
knower once you start
getting those activations.
Thank you guys so much.
>> Beautiful, thank you.
[APPLAUSE]
And Maureen.
>> Well, you asked this
a couple of things.
And before I speak to those,
I want to acknowledge--
and I know all of you will
join me in acknowledging you,
Debra Giusti, for
your hard work--
>> Thank you.
>> --and your incredible
research that you have done,
creating this amazing list.
And I know you've worked with a
few of the people on the panel,
but I am so in awe
of how much you
have done to be ready for this.
Thank you so much.
>> Thank you.
It's my life's mission.
>> And she is a
connector, by the way.
If you're not signed up
for her list, you should.
Because she's always
got this cool list
called "Debra Recommends."
So now, I'll move on to
my list of top tools.
My number one top tool
right now is the 5D Merkaba.
And that's available as a
CD download if you want.
You can learn it in
one of the books.
It's written out for you.
I highly recommend the city.
I also teach people how to
open the Akashic records.
And I do online courses, as
well as in-person classes.
And right now, I'm offering
a very special program
with another Akashic teacher
named Lumari, who is joining me
in a four-part event, where
we're training and giving
information about what
the Akashic records are.
And it is free if you will
buy her book or my book.
My book's going to come out in
April on the Akashic records.
And so you'll save
yourself $300 if you
want to do that for free.
And I would like to also give
you one other meditation.
Those of you who are in the
class with me, before this one,
I did the golden
bowl meditation.
And this is activating
your sixth sense.
This is a wonderful
10-minute intro and then
10-minute meditation
that you can
give to anybody at any
level because it explains
from the ground zero all
the way up what it does
so it doesn't frighten anyone.
And then it literally opens up
this channel around the body--
around the head, which is
called "the golden bowl."
And it's a wonderful,
wonderful tool,
so I hope you avail yourself.
And I always like
to give freebies.
So in my case, you
can write these down.
And many of you heard
me say this before--
I'm asking for a day of
heaven on Earth for me
and everyone I come
in contact with.
And I think that that
changes everything.
And I also say a
prayer at night.
I am waking up in 5D.
And there's more to
that prayer that I will
share with you in the books.
Thank you so much.
>> Thank you, Maureen.
>> Oh, and I should tell you
that you can get all of this
material on my website
maureenstgermain.com.
You can get all my books
at Amazon as well--
and CD Baby sells all my
guided meditations as well.
So have some fun.
And sign up for my
blog post, which
has important information
that's timely every month.
It also comes with
a freebie as well.
>> Great.
[APPLAUSE]
And Alexa.
>> Thank you.
I would like to begin with
charging each one of you
with exquisite curation
of your consciousness.
Because you are a synthesis
of what goes into your field.
So be mindful of what you
watch, who you spend time with,
what you're bringing in,
because that is who you are.
My growth happened
with self-love,
forgiveness of self and others.
Try experiencing that, too.
Be mindful of the words you
say to yourself and others.
Practice experiencing
yourselves,
practicing self-love with that.
It will be an amazing experience
if you really give it a shot.
I also practice interdimensional
experience healings,
where I hold a vortex space.
That's one of my gifts.
I found that gift only
through the challenge
of expressing love to
someone else in a very
challenging moment.
So I also charge
you with leaning
into those experiences, those
ego-dissolving experiences.
Because you don't know
what's waiting for you
on the other side of that door.
My website is alexapearson.com.
I have numerous
articles on there
that discuss more
fully my experiences
with other beings,
interdimensional beings, all
of that subject matter.
Also, my books are available
on amazon.com and downstairs
at booth 511, where I
will be signing books.
I've got two in the series right
now with me and more to follow.
Thank you so much.
It's an honor to be with you.
[APPLAUSE]
>> OK, Nassim, your top tool and
how they can reach you for more
studying with you.
>> [LAUGHS]
>> Well, I think my top tool
was given to me when I was 11.
And it was a way to
turn my senses inwards
and connect with the
source of my existence,
like with the power
source within me.
And I think any
meditation technique,
you can utilize or
concentration technique--
whatever, you don't have to call
it meditation, whatever works,
any focusing capability,
you can muster,
even if it's just five
minutes a day every day,
to turn your senses
inward and discover
what's going on within you and
bring your awareness to center.
Then, it becomes
easier during the day
when you get caught in the
spin to find center again
because you've been
there recently.
And so I think that's
one of my favorite tools.
And it's been a really good
companion through my life.
Of course, I've
developed technology,
some technology relates to what
the ladies we're talking about,
and some of this technology
can be seen at our booth,
at the art booth.
And it is a way to
amplify your field
and increase the
amount of energy that's
able to move through your body,
through the changes that occurs
in the water molecule,
interaction with your biology
and your capacity to absorb
and to cleanse your body.
So if you want to check that
out, it's available to you
as well.
You know, we have
a course online
that's called "Delegate
Program," which is really
a course that goes
deep into understanding
the fundamental concepts of
the physics that are emerging
in the world and the change
in worldview that's occurring.
And people that take
that course, most of them
report vast changes
in their relationship
to themself and
their relationship
to the universe and their
understanding of reality
and big changes in their
worldview in their own life.
So I think, if
you're interested,
it's something you
can participate with.
And we have some 80 countries
involved, thousands of people
taking the course, and then
every month we connect,
and people can
ask me a question,
and we discuss things.
And so all these
are tools for us
to be able to move forward
and grow together, and explore
together, and discover,
and transform together.
So this is what I-- my
little piece that I'm
trying to bring into the world.
>> Thank you.
Amazing.
[APPLAUSE]
Thanks so much.